Allow filters on non-unique fields to instead provide the PK by default (#5943)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/development/core/best-practices.md

    - Otherwise, the field **must** be shadowed with a Nautobot `NaturalKeyOrPKMultipleChoiceFilter` which will automatically try to lookup by UUID or `name` depending on the value of the incoming argument (e.g. UUID string vs. name string).
        - This provides an advantage over the default `django_filters.ModelMultipleChoiceFilter` which only supports a UUID (`pk`) value as an input.
    - Fields that use `slug` or some other natural key field instead of `name` can set the `to_field_name` argument on `NaturalKeyOrPKMultipleChoiceFilter` accordingly.

>     - If you use `NaturalKeyOrPKMultipleChoiceFilter` for a non-unique field, you can pass in `prefers_pk=True` to prefer the PK in the Filter Forms over the `to_field_name`, while still allowing the `to_field_name` to be used as a query parameter. Example: `locations/?vlans=2538` will give all locations that have any VLAN name with the VID of 2538.

Reviewer: Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
    - If you use `NaturalKeyOrPKMultipleChoiceFilter` for a non-unique field, you should pass in `prefers_pk=True` to have the filter prefer the object ID in the Filter Forms over the `to_field_name`, while still allowing the `to_field_name` to be used as a query parameter. This will for example make the UI prefer `locations/?vlans=<uuid>` over `locations/?vlans=<vid>` (`VLAN.vid` is not a globally unique field) while still understanding the latter option as well.
```
